SADS leadership meeting 7/25/17, 6:30-7pm @local coffee

Attendees: Brandon, Kevin, Justin, Igor

Action Items:

(1) Next meetup (Igor & Brandon) - we have a speaker lined up for talk on MapReduce/Spark Workshop. Need venue for Aug 24th, starting 7pm. Should have wifi for workshop style presentation. Igor will check with Geekdom - if we can't do that date, we should secure a subsequent Thursday (eg Aug 31).

(2) Treasurer (Brandon, temporary) - will decide upon plan to raise money to support operating costs. Ideas discussed: membership fee, event fee, donation jar (square swipe), annual corporate sponsor, set up paypal account, open books posted to github, create event account to pay for speakers, hackathon to raise money.

(3) Email addresses (Brandon) - Should remove email from registration, but should add to RSVP page (can we create a template).

(4) Website (Igor) - Using github pages as basic (free) site. Brandon needs to add leadership as collaborator so they can push content.

(5) Regular schedule meetup (Igor) - decided it was important to have a regular time and place for meetup. Igor will scheule a meeting with Lorenzo of Geekdom when we are ready to talk with him.

(6) Logo (Justin & Igor) - See if we can get a pro bono graphic designer to create one for us. Can try and solicit from members (logo contest). We can have a vote to decide upon winner.

(7) Mission Statement (All) - post thoughts and ideas to #leadership channel on slack.

(8) T-shirts (Kevin) - will get rough cost. Use t-shirt sales to generate revenue.

(9) Collaboration - discussed various ideas: San Antonio Innovation Center, SA Tricentennial, Alamo Regional Data Alliance (http://cinow.info/data-planning/), CAST Tech HS, new tech hub in SA.
