**SADS leadership meeting 7/25/17, 6:30-7pm @local coffee**

Attendees: Brandon, Kevin, Justin, Igor
**Attendees:**
Brandon, Kevin, Justin, Igor

**Position ourselves in SA:**
Data Science through crowdsourcing
D.S. Training and D.S. ETL (what you don't get in school)
Sponsors and corporations share datasets and problems to work on


**Ideas for Financials:**
Donation jar - keep until operating costs for group covered
Hackathon to pay for operating costs
Land a Permanent sponsor(s)
Invite speakers and be able to pay for their travel/hotel


**Ideas for Future of DS Meetup:**
Establish regular cadence/time 
Create Tutorial Queue for when there is no speaker
--- build queue for pitch deck
--- these should be aligned with what DS ppl need to know
--- City of San Antonio - Innovation office
	- "Smart City"
	- "Tricentennial" in 2018
--- Sponsors provide datasets/challenges to work on
Kaggle competitions


**Places to Meet:** 
Geekdom -- Talk with Director of Geekdom to grow data science in SA
Talk with potential Sponsors


**Potential Sponsors:**
City of San Antonio
Geekdom
HEB
Booz Allen Hamilton
USAA
Rackspace
Iheart Media
CPS


**Action Items:**

(1) Next meetup (Igor & Brandon) - we have a speaker lined up for talk on MapReduce/Spark Workshop. Need venue for Aug 24th, starting 7pm. Should have wifi for workshop style presentation. Igor will check with Geekdom - if we can't do that date, we should secure a subsequent Thursday (eg Aug 31).

(2) Treasurer (Brandon, temporary) - will decide upon plan to raise money to support operating costs. Ideas discussed: membership fee, event fee, donation jar (square swipe), annual corporate sponsor, set up paypal account, open books posted to github, create event account to pay for speakers, hackathon to raise money.

(3) Email addresses (Brandon) - Should remove email from registration, but should add to RSVP page (can we create a template).

(4) Website (Igor) - Using github pages as basic (free) site. Brandon needs to add leadership as collaborator so they can push content.

(5) Regular schedule meetup (Igor) - decided it was important to have a regular time and place for meetup. Igor will scheule a meeting with Lorenzo of Geekdom when we are ready to talk with him.

(6) Logo (Justin & Igor) - See if we can get a pro bono graphic designer to create one for us. Can try and solicit from members (logo contest). We can have a vote to decide upon winner.

(7) Mission Statement (All) - post thoughts and ideas to #leadership channel on slack.

(8) T-shirts (Kevin) - will get rough cost. Use t-shirt sales to generate revenue.

(9) Collaboration - discussed various ideas: San Antonio Innovation Center, SA Tricentennial, Alamo Regional Data Alliance (http://cinow.info/data-planning/), CAST Tech HS, new tech hub in SA.

(10) Kaggle Competition Development (Kevin) - identify some past Kaggle competitions we can work on as a group

(11) Sponsor Pitch-Deck Development (Justin and Igor) - develop a presentation that can be used to gain sponsors and describe our mission as a DS Meetup group
